I think that here it is not only the light of the four indications from where
would have been the last week jesus spoke to pedro and joão they followed the man
with a pitcher of water that they would show a large room furnished surly
Greek regional human capital means a room on the top floor
the ones that could be used to eat right and the bedrooms upstairs
are always larger but the word furniture in Greek means table and
with charles
although strange the visitors' room could be used to eat and sleep the
that we have here is a table with mattresses in the
there was also a table without it bes is simple but who saw
it was for a large room
as the lane on the important side resembles that parables when Jesus
was invited to a party does not sit in the most important place or else
You will be removed from there.
they knew that
to my left is the humblest place the host presents himself
second place and not the first one
the person in the symmetry of Western culture I am sitting where the
host would not be on the important side of the table because the host
one assistant is on the left and the other is on the right.
now speak that word will be open left hand and in tim burton without
mystery of the sinister right highlighted everything that is right-handed
then the person prefers the story to his right and the other to his left
the alert now explain the first place would be the beloved disciple joão
who would have to get into debt for Jesus when he wanted to talk to him
on the other side of the host would be the guest of honor identified by
wet bread from the wine he would be offered by the host readequating
jesus who offered bread helps whistle people understood that the guest of
honor to be with your left remember that after receiving the bread together
left the table to betray his centenary we can not know the order
who were sitting too much but we know for who was in the humblest place
because of three evidences
when Peter wanted to know who would betray Jesus he did not scream I hired
jesus who will be but he looked into John's eyes and asked in a low voice that
would be a traitor joão got in behind his head was left in the chest of jesus
ask and see who would be the traitor if John was looking that way
your taste being hidden from everyone but only someone here would see your eyes
if we have a basin and a jar and the person who is in the humblest place
of the table usually offered to wash the feet of others but no one
offered
Jesus then stood up and there went the disciples' feet when the time came
of Pedro understood that he was the last because he was in the
humble this helps us understand why Peter gave up and let Jesus
I loved your feet
because he was in the place of the one who should wash the feet of the others
the last supper was a very intimate moment a meal
a table that represents alliance and warns of
jesus said in the gospels I wished much commented the post this Easter
as if he had planned something carefully as well as the words
I wanted to say he was so anxious for this leave
people said to him he can not give jerusalem to the passover but that era
the most joyful night of the year
because it resembled the liberation of the
God's people in Egypt
the crossbar for this meal the last supper took place during the Passover
everything fits perfectly as we are understanding event of the
salvation in jesus christian phase mirrored in his person
but in another while you look the same as the last supper one thinks of people
who took part in that special occasion
they were all fishermen
were imperfect people because they were invited to stroll with other jesus
imagine seeking Jesus would choose perfect people to take the work of God to the
world
but god in your sovereignty or you can choose anyone if he does not need
of perfection in fact the bible tells us that God often prefers people
imperfect faults and why then their glory can shelter through them
after supper can celebrate the Passover with his disciples jesus has to use
take the home he lives an intense with me for everything that was about to happen
Let's see next.